add notes about when to audio/video stream (#74)
smartdevicelink/sdl_overview_guides: docs/Getting Started/Starting an SDL Session/index.md

| 4.3 | app1 (Non-NAVIGATION, NON-COMMUNICATION) | app2 uses audio | NAVIGATION or COMMUNICATION | false | app1 and app2 are the audio sources | AUDIBLE / ATTENTUATED or NOT_AUDIBLE * | AUDIBLE |
| 4.4 | app1 (Non-NAVIGATION, NON-COMMUNICATION) | app2 uses audio | others | true | app2 is the audio source | NOT_AUDIBLE | AUDIBLE |
| 5.1 | app1 (any) | PHONE_CALL / EMERGENCY_EVENT / AUDIO_SOURCE / EMBEDDED_NAVI | NA | NA | app1 is not the audio source, system set the audio source | NOT_AUDIBLE | NA |
| 5.2 | app1 (any) | TTS Start | NA | NA | depending on mixing audio support, app1 can be audio source | NOT_AUDIBLE / ATTENUATED | NA |
| 5.3 | app1 (any) | CarPlay/Android Auto is the active screen (DEACTIVATE_HMI) | NA | NA | no SDL app is the video source | NOT_AUDIBLE | NA |

 *In the case of co-existence of a NAVIGATION app and a MEDIA or COMMUNICATION app, when the NAVIGATION app does not start audio steaming service, the MEDIA/COMMUNICATION app is `AUDIBLE`; When the NAVIGATION app starts audio streaming service, the MEDIA/COMMUNICATION app is either `ATTENUATED` if the system supports mixing or `NOT_AUDIBLE` if the system does not support mixing.

!!! NOTE

> The transition of `videoStreamingState` and `audioStreamingState` is independent of the transition of `hmiLevel`. However, the transition of `hmiLevel` depends on both `audioStreamingState` and `videoStreamingState`. SDL Core shall move a `LIMITED` level media/projection/navigation app which is `NOT_AUDIBLE` and `NOT_STREAMABLE` to `BACKGROUND` HMI level. There are at most two media/projection/navigation apps which can be placed in HMI level `LIMITED`. In `LIMITED` level, an app can be either `AUDIBLE` (including `ATTENTUATED`) or `STREAMABLE` or both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The transition of `videoStreamingState` and `audioStreamingState` is independent of the transition of `hmiLevel`. However, the transition of `hmiLevel` depends on both `audioStreamingState` and `videoStreamingState`. SDL Core moves a `LIMITED` level media/projection/navigation app which is `NOT_AUDIBLE` and `NOT_STREAMABLE` to `BACKGROUND` HMI level. There are at most two media/projection/navigation apps which can be placed in HMI level `LIMITED`. At HMI level `LIMITED`, an app can be either `AUDIBLE` (including `ATTENTUATED`) or `STREAMABLE` or both.
```
